rvu8fijo defeated gnnqfkpl9e
eepzhpcf defeated r9is25hb
sof1gg2ktb defeated o7y22t1td
cx9j1ictxc defeated k1eyy37q9a
tzr6852fc defeated sof1gg2ktb
o7y22t1td defeated hj5s6r044
t7a9tgiqhg defeated bjpi4hn3
t3uea3ge8n defeated bmzvrerw
1wu16hym defeated 3rtqohmuh8
byvzk3i8b defeated 72rl15f4w
uqbfobrcl defeated sof1gg2ktb
nvgfygww defeated t7a9tgiqhg
gnnqfkpl9e defeated 80o2rak1vr
fv8yu58cep defeated uqbfobrcl
tzr6852fc defeated b8dwoecbp
r9a7mfp05 defeated uzrenun5
jne00v830 defeated vugkv05sz
mecosfogyr defeated o7y22t1td
49kq71n8 defeated vuht6t0uzs
p452bfsozp defeated 2vldq4hez
pyo0cu4y defeated 87au5bhx
qiwepxsk28 defeated y088o5or1
72rl15f4w defeated 8afpk054nz
n3uvyr0qf defeated n0yby4aw
mecosfogyr defeated bcp4e30m
r3pe29gd defeated 3rtqohmuh8
ecve6pr5 defeated 3j1l7r843
b5ul5nwqv defeated rupfr2p3y
0blv0prk defeated 1w103dgd
6z8vbhqlqc defeated 84wv98y3u
kyayq3s1 defeated rvu8fijo
95jmsnd8du defeated uqbfobrcl
3jqip98q1 defeated pyo0cu4y
39jym6ie defeated 8i4p40mg
r9a7mfp05 defeated uqbfobrcl
gyc4om3wto defeated 9jrsnvnq65
kfs6vfptom defeated b8dwoecbp
k1eyy37q9a defeated c3fuquhz6a
hj5s6r044 defeated q6l6gt6mjx
uzrenun5 defeated im0yltz9at
73d9ph3i37 defeated rupfr2p3y
pdpff5e8i defeated jne00v830
hj5s6r044 defeated hbrpoig8f1
jne00v830 defeated hbrpoig8f1
gyc4om3wto defeated r75pr2es
npgw90jpk defeated 72rl15f4w
r9is25hb defeated npgw90jpk
0blv0prk defeated 2919ahej
npgw90jpk defeated n3uvyr0qf
87au5bhx defeated y5zpjag1ol
qc38hyf9sx defeated b8dwoecbp
h8rvhs1k3a defeated n1u322n64
im0yltz9at defeated 1wu16hym
b5ul5nwqv defeated vb9ooaed
tzr6852fc defeated hbrpoig8f1
sof1gg2ktb defeated hj5s6r044
1w103dgd defeated 8i4p40mg
xkxwnrek8 defeated j5ci6vg2g
uqbfobrcl defeated vb9ooaed
kfs6vfptom defeated jne00v830
9si5gas4 defeated 49kq71n8
vgpmm82i1 defeated bmzvrerw
gnnqfkpl9e defeated jne00v830
3j1l7r843 defeated r3pe29gd
9si5gas4 defeated 7uqnupqzi
k1eyy37q9a defeated h8rvhs1k3a
a024scos defeated xkxwnrek8
c3fuquhz6a defeated j5ci6vg2g
xkxwnrek8 defeated 1w103dgd
j5ci6vg2g defeated lmn4r7sgms
qxkhktgbty defeated p452bfsozp
49kq71n8 defeated jrjedkts2h
pkt9a90foh defeated rvu8fijo
39jym6ie defeated 95jmsnd8du
t3uea3ge8n defeated tzr6852fc
bmzvrerw defeated 3rtqohmuh8
y088o5or1 defeated t7a9tgiqhg
bjpi4hn3 defeated xlta8irc
39jym6ie defeated 9si5gas4
y088o5or1 defeated jrjedkts2h
2919ahej defeated j5ci6vg2g
9si5gas4 defeated hj5s6r044
mecosfogyr defeated 3jqip98q1
1wu16hym defeated c3fuquhz6a
0v6rast5j defeated udswx1jp
b5ul5nwqv defeated n3uvyr0qf
im0yltz9at defeated bjpi4hn3
k1eyy37q9a defeated 3jqip98q1
3rtqohmuh8 defeated t3uea3ge8n
p452bfsozp defeated 73d9ph3i37
1wu16hym defeated mepgthcw8
n0yby4aw defeated 2919ahej
c1a78mx1e defeated 3aj0je4qvz
qc38hyf9sx defeated mtzx272hpo
kyayq3s1 defeated vuht6t0uzs
rupfr2p3y defeated 0blv0prk
3rtqohmuh8 defeated r3pe29gd
kfs6vfptom defeated 3aj0je4qvz
80o2rak1vr defeated sof1gg2ktb
qxkhktgbty defeated u26192k42q
hbrpoig8f1 defeated npgw90jpk
rupfr2p3y defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
830dm7x52d defeated r75pr2es
1w103dgd defeated u26192k42q
8i4p40mg defeated p452bfsozp
3jqip98q1 defeated jrjedkts2h
jrjedkts2h defeated 72rl15f4w
rvu8fijo defeated k1eyy37q9a
bfno6b9m defeated gnnqfkpl9e
sof1gg2ktb defeated mepgthcw8
pk3yr9oudo defeated t3uea3ge8n
k1eyy37q9a defeated a024scos
pkt9a90foh defeated r9a7mfp05
mecosfogyr defeated bf1i3ldqy
fv8yu58cep defeated 2vldq4hez
nvgfygww defeated gyc4om3wto
npgw90jpk defeated b8dwoecbp
pk3yr9oudo defeated bcp4e30m
b8dwoecbp defeated jne00v830
a024scos defeated 2919ahej
df1rcaviq defeated uzrenun5
k1eyy37q9a defeated pdpff5e8i
bf1i3ldqy defeated uqbfobrcl
gnnqfkpl9e defeated xlta8irc
x497w19vw defeated 1wu16hym
6z8vbhqlqc defeated df1rcaviq
qxkhktgbty defeated 8afpk054nz
r3pe29gd defeated 84wv98y3u
udswx1jp defeated b8dwoecbp
qiwepxsk28 defeated gnnqfkpl9e
mtzx272hpo defeated x497w19vw
qiwepxsk28 defeated 7uqnupqzi
8i4p40mg defeated bfno6b9m
n3uvyr0qf defeated vugkv05sz
jne00v830 defeated fv8yu58cep
y088o5or1 defeated mtzx272hpo
vgpmm82i1 defeated xkxwnrek8
0v6rast5j defeated 7uqnupqzi
b8dwoecbp defeated bjpi4hn3
3rtqohmuh8 defeated y5zpjag1ol
mtzx272hpo defeated y088o5or1
q6l6gt6mjx defeated t7a9tgiqhg
jrjedkts2h defeated 2vldq4hez
0blv0prk defeated udswx1jp
bjpi4hn3 defeated 84wv98y3u
n0yby4aw defeated xlta8irc
uqbfobrcl defeated 9jrsnvnq65
mecosfogyr defeated rupfr2p3y
u26192k42q defeated qc38hyf9sx
t7a9tgiqhg defeated jne00v830
rupfr2p3y defeated bmzvrerw
2vldq4hez defeated 9si5gas4
edjjtfph9 defeated bf1i3ldqy
bcp4e30m defeated byvzk3i8b
gyc4om3wto defeated hbrpoig8f1
84wv98y3u defeated lmn4r7sgms
t7a9tgiqhg defeated n3uvyr0qf
n3uvyr0qf defeated 2919ahej
nvgfygww defeated pyo0cu4y
bcp4e30m defeated cx9j1ictxc
nvgfygww defeated 9si5gas4
qxkhktgbty defeated a024scos
hbrpoig8f1 defeated x497w19vw
ecve6pr5 defeated nvgfygww
r75pr2es defeated b8dwoecbp
edjjtfph9 defeated 95jmsnd8du
72rl15f4w defeated fv8yu58cep
p452bfsozp defeated r75pr2es
pdpff5e8i defeated 1w103dgd
49kq71n8 defeated udswx1jp
sof1gg2ktb defeated q6l6gt6mjx
y5zpjag1ol defeated eepzhpcf
vgpmm82i1 defeated 39jym6ie
qxkhktgbty defeated jrjedkts2h
xlta8irc defeated h8rvhs1k3a
c1a78mx1e defeated d467kd6f
72rl15f4w defeated eepzhpcf
im0yltz9at defeated 9jrsnvnq65
qxkhktgbty defeated 84wv98y3u
vgpmm82i1 defeated 72rl15f4w
d467kd6f defeated mepgthcw8
vgpmm82i1 defeated rupfr2p3y
2919ahej defeated df1rcaviq
qiwepxsk28 defeated jrjedkts2h
mepgthcw8 defeated cx9j1ictxc
7uqnupqzi defeated s3eoqm1h8o
im0yltz9at defeated eepzhpcf
bcp4e30m defeated k1eyy37q9a
hbrpoig8f1 defeated kyayq3s1
o7y22t1td defeated vgpmm82i1
r3pe29gd defeated 0blv0prk
sof1gg2ktb defeated gyc4om3wto
1w103dgd defeated y5zpjag1ol
ecve6pr5 defeated uzrenun5
x497w19vw defeated 9si5gas4
n1u322n64 defeated 73d9ph3i37
h8rvhs1k3a defeated df1rcaviq
2919ahej defeated xkxwnrek8
t7a9tgiqhg defeated tzr6852fc
kyayq3s1 defeated pdpff5e8i
udswx1jp defeated rupfr2p3y
vugkv05sz defeated n3uvyr0qf
sof1gg2ktb defeated 1wu16hym
vuht6t0uzs defeated o7y22t1td
c3fuquhz6a defeated fv8yu58cep
jne00v830 defeated bf1i3ldqy
r3pe29gd defeated qxkhktgbty
bjpi4hn3 defeated pyo0cu4y
xkxwnrek8 defeated o7y22t1td
npgw90jpk defeated x497w19vw
t3uea3ge8n defeated n1u322n64
0blv0prk defeated t3uea3ge8n
y5zpjag1ol defeated sof1gg2ktb
lmn4r7sgms defeated 95jmsnd8du
fv8yu58cep defeated vugkv05sz
q6l6gt6mjx defeated jne00v830
hbrpoig8f1 defeated qiwepxsk28
80o2rak1vr defeated n0yby4aw
lmn4r7sgms defeated s3eoqm1h8o
byvzk3i8b defeated 2919ahej
1w103dgd defeated 3aj0je4qvz
tzr6852fc defeated bfno6b9m
b8dwoecbp defeated r75pr2es
3aj0je4qvz defeated uzrenun5
b5ul5nwqv defeated h8rvhs1k3a
uqbfobrcl defeated n0yby4aw
2vldq4hez defeated 39jym6ie
edjjtfph9 defeated s3eoqm1h8o
jrjedkts2h defeated bcp4e30m
0v6rast5j defeated ecve6pr5
qc38hyf9sx defeated eepzhpcf
39jym6ie defeated nvgfygww
zxoi65fdhj defeated b5ul5nwqv
84wv98y3u defeated n0yby4aw
pk3yr9oudo defeated cx9j1ictxc
cx9j1ictxc defeated 830dm7x52d
pk3yr9oudo defeated rvu8fijo
kfs6vfptom defeated 0blv0prk
xe6va05g1 defeated 7uqnupqzi
1w103dgd defeated sof1gg2ktb
jrjedkts2h defeated 8i4p40mg
rupfr2p3y defeated 8afpk054nz
ecve6pr5 defeated gnnqfkpl9e
1w103dgd defeated uzrenun5
d467kd6f defeated cx9j1ictxc
0blv0prk defeated qxkhktgbty
pyo0cu4y defeated rvu8fijo
byvzk3i8b defeated fv8yu58cep
q6l6gt6mjx defeated bmzvrerw
rupfr2p3y defeated nvgfygww
r9a7mfp05 defeated vuht6t0uzs
xlta8irc defeated r9is25hb
r75pr2es defeated x497w19vw
t7a9tgiqhg defeated h8rvhs1k3a
udswx1jp defeated ecve6pr5
r9a7mfp05 defeated pkt9a90foh
s3eoqm1h8o defeated n3uvyr0qf
bfno6b9m defeated qiwepxsk28
830dm7x52d defeated hj5s6r044
qiwepxsk28 defeated lmn4r7sgms
npgw90jpk defeated zxoi65fdhj
lmn4r7sgms defeated uzrenun5
73d9ph3i37 defeated y088o5or1
y5zpjag1ol defeated 95jmsnd8du
rvu8fijo defeated mepgthcw8
s3eoqm1h8o defeated d467kd6f
n1u322n64 defeated jrjedkts2h
j5ci6vg2g defeated 3aj0je4qvz
o7y22t1td defeated pkt9a90foh
uqbfobrcl defeated n3uvyr0qf
xe6va05g1 defeated byvzk3i8b
80o2rak1vr defeated 39jym6ie
gnnqfkpl9e defeated fv8yu58cep
kyayq3s1 defeated 1w103dgd
j5ci6vg2g defeated r75pr2es
7uqnupqzi defeated 84wv98y3u
2vldq4hez defeated vgpmm82i1
3aj0je4qvz defeated xe6va05g1
mtzx272hpo defeated 3j1l7r843
8i4p40mg defeated uzrenun5
a024scos defeated hj5s6r044
vugkv05sz defeated y088o5or1
udswx1jp defeated npgw90jpk
udswx1jp defeated mecosfogyr
hbrpoig8f1 defeated pkt9a90foh
kyayq3s1 defeated q6l6gt6mjx
uzrenun5 defeated hbrpoig8f1
8i4p40mg defeated t7a9tgiqhg
x497w19vw defeated bfno6b9m
1w103dgd defeated 49kq71n8
df1rcaviq defeated gyc4om3wto
jrjedkts2h defeated s3eoqm1h8o
r9is25hb defeated 2vldq4hez
r9a7mfp05 defeated bjpi4hn3
t7a9tgiqhg defeated 84wv98y3u
eepzhpcf defeated kfs6vfptom
vugkv05sz defeated ecve6pr5
k1eyy37q9a defeated gnnqfkpl9e
y088o5or1 defeated edjjtfph9
pkt9a90foh defeated u26192k42q
8afpk054nz defeated qc38hyf9sx
pkt9a90foh defeated 3rtqohmuh8
q6l6gt6mjx defeated kyayq3s1
bf1i3ldqy defeated cx9j1ictxc
vuht6t0uzs defeated hbrpoig8f1
8afpk054nz defeated 49kq71n8
8afpk054nz defeated vugkv05sz
y088o5or1 defeated 3aj0je4qvz
pyo0cu4y defeated tzr6852fc
kfs6vfptom defeated df1rcaviq
nvgfygww defeated 73d9ph3i37
xlta8irc defeated 2vldq4hez
eepzhpcf defeated 3aj0je4qvz
n3uvyr0qf defeated cx9j1ictxc
qxkhktgbty defeated b8dwoecbp
mtzx272hpo defeated 73d9ph3i37
y088o5or1 defeated kyayq3s1
r75pr2es defeated kyayq3s1
bf1i3ldqy defeated hj5s6r044
1w103dgd defeated 8afpk054nz
r75pr2es defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
bmzvrerw defeated 49kq71n8
2vldq4hez defeated xkxwnrek8
bcp4e30m defeated 80o2rak1vr
qc38hyf9sx defeated gnnqfkpl9e
n1u322n64 defeated 1w103dgd
bcp4e30m defeated d467kd6f
0v6rast5j defeated 72rl15f4w
mtzx272hpo defeated 1w103dgd
2919ahej defeated 3j1l7r843
vuht6t0uzs defeated vugkv05sz
uzrenun5 defeated o7y22t1td
df1rcaviq defeated cx9j1ictxc
bf1i3ldqy defeated k1eyy37q9a
3j1l7r843 defeated 72rl15f4w
3aj0je4qvz defeated 84wv98y3u
mtzx272hpo defeated mepgthcw8
fv8yu58cep defeated eepzhpcf
pyo0cu4y defeated kyayq3s1
kyayq3s1 defeated rupfr2p3y
r9a7mfp05 defeated jne00v830
u26192k42q defeated gyc4om3wto
pdpff5e8i defeated y5zpjag1ol
y5zpjag1ol defeated kfs6vfptom
qxkhktgbty defeated c1a78mx1e
pk3yr9oudo defeated qiwepxsk28
1wu16hym defeated 87au5bhx
j5ci6vg2g defeated bcp4e30m
rvu8fijo defeated bf1i3ldqy
mecosfogyr defeated h8rvhs1k3a
hj5s6r044 defeated 9jrsnvnq65
xe6va05g1 defeated mtzx272hpo
uzrenun5 defeated 8afpk054nz
vuht6t0uzs defeated pyo0cu4y
zxoi65fdhj defeated d467kd6f
vgpmm82i1 defeated mepgthcw8
95jmsnd8du defeated 3jqip98q1
df1rcaviq defeated eepzhpcf
qiwepxsk28 defeated fv8yu58cep
ecve6pr5 defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
7uqnupqzi defeated 2919ahej
2919ahej defeated h8rvhs1k3a
r75pr2es defeated xkxwnrek8
h8rvhs1k3a defeated 1wu16hym
3j1l7r843 defeated n1u322n64
a024scos defeated 2vldq4hez
vuht6t0uzs defeated 3jqip98q1
pkt9a90foh defeated udswx1jp
bcp4e30m defeated qxkhktgbty
vgpmm82i1 defeated a024scos
830dm7x52d defeated im0yltz9at
df1rcaviq defeated kfs6vfptom
b5ul5nwqv defeated bmzvrerw
73d9ph3i37 defeated r9is25hb
eepzhpcf defeated qxkhktgbty
t7a9tgiqhg defeated 39jym6ie
h8rvhs1k3a defeated 84wv98y3u
xlta8irc defeated lmn4r7sgms
a024scos defeated mepgthcw8
r75pr2es defeated bmzvrerw
s3eoqm1h8o defeated r9a7mfp05
6z8vbhqlqc defeated a024scos
r9a7mfp05 defeated tzr6852fc
t7a9tgiqhg defeated 9si5gas4
y5zpjag1ol defeated q6l6gt6mjx
j5ci6vg2g defeated qxkhktgbty
jne00v830 defeated t7a9tgiqhg
t7a9tgiqhg defeated c3fuquhz6a
xkxwnrek8 defeated fv8yu58cep
n1u322n64 defeated d467kd6f
2vldq4hez defeated mepgthcw8
eepzhpcf defeated j5ci6vg2g
vugkv05sz defeated 8i4p40mg
49kq71n8 defeated o7y22t1td
cx9j1ictxc defeated x497w19vw
edjjtfph9 defeated xe6va05g1
npgw90jpk defeated byvzk3i8b
8afpk054nz defeated rvu8fijo
uqbfobrcl defeated xlta8irc
72rl15f4w defeated tzr6852fc
sof1gg2ktb defeated kfs6vfptom
zxoi65fdhj defeated edjjtfph9
zxoi65fdhj defeated y5zpjag1ol
c1a78mx1e defeated im0yltz9at
84wv98y3u defeated 8afpk054nz
6z8vbhqlqc defeated 72rl15f4w
tzr6852fc defeated mecosfogyr
0blv0prk defeated vgpmm82i1
hbrpoig8f1 defeated tzr6852fc
9jrsnvnq65 defeated 3aj0je4qvz
t3uea3ge8n defeated im0yltz9at
pdpff5e8i defeated qxkhktgbty
tzr6852fc defeated hj5s6r044
nvgfygww defeated pdpff5e8i
mepgthcw8 defeated pyo0cu4y
d467kd6f defeated s3eoqm1h8o
mepgthcw8 defeated 73d9ph3i37
y5zpjag1ol defeated xlta8irc
bjpi4hn3 defeated edjjtfph9
r9is25hb defeated xlta8irc
edjjtfph9 defeated cx9j1ictxc
cx9j1ictxc defeated 49kq71n8
84wv98y3u defeated xkxwnrek8
df1rcaviq defeated im0yltz9at
830dm7x52d defeated 73d9ph3i37
o7y22t1td defeated tzr6852fc
8afpk054nz defeated mecosfogyr
r9is25hb defeated mtzx272hpo
0blv0prk defeated rvu8fijo
hbrpoig8f1 defeated im0yltz9at
84wv98y3u defeated u26192k42q
edjjtfph9 defeated byvzk3i8b
j5ci6vg2g defeated 87au5bhx
o7y22t1td defeated nvgfygww
r9a7mfp05 defeated 95jmsnd8du
im0yltz9at defeated xlta8irc
s3eoqm1h8o defeated jne00v830
zxoi65fdhj defeated ecve6pr5
o7y22t1td defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
gyc4om3wto defeated bfno6b9m
9si5gas4 defeated bmzvrerw
y5zpjag1ol defeated pyo0cu4y
9jrsnvnq65 defeated jne00v830
9jrsnvnq65 defeated 87au5bhx
qiwepxsk28 defeated gyc4om3wto
a024scos defeated r9a7mfp05
bmzvrerw defeated xlta8irc
bfno6b9m defeated tzr6852fc
eepzhpcf defeated byvzk3i8b
1wu16hym defeated 49kq71n8
3jqip98q1 defeated 8i4p40mg
byvzk3i8b defeated im0yltz9at
r75pr2es defeated edjjtfph9
bmzvrerw defeated mecosfogyr
rupfr2p3y defeated d467kd6f
bjpi4hn3 defeated t7a9tgiqhg
3jqip98q1 defeated bf1i3ldqy
h8rvhs1k3a defeated mepgthcw8
qiwepxsk28 defeated hj5s6r044
bjpi4hn3 defeated 1wu16hym
u26192k42q defeated vuht6t0uzs
im0yltz9at defeated c3fuquhz6a
830dm7x52d defeated bcp4e30m
y088o5or1 defeated 1wu16hym
c3fuquhz6a defeated t7a9tgiqhg
r3pe29gd defeated gyc4om3wto
84wv98y3u defeated kyayq3s1
vugkv05sz defeated bmzvrerw
b5ul5nwqv defeated a024scos
o7y22t1td defeated 3rtqohmuh8
vb9ooaed defeated bfno6b9m
q6l6gt6mjx defeated df1rcaviq
h8rvhs1k3a defeated mecosfogyr
xlta8irc defeated r9a7mfp05
rvu8fijo defeated xlta8irc
87au5bhx defeated hj5s6r044
nvgfygww defeated 84wv98y3u
0v6rast5j defeated 84wv98y3u
vuht6t0uzs defeated sof1gg2ktb
bjpi4hn3 defeated 49kq71n8
pyo0cu4y defeated pkt9a90foh
y5zpjag1ol defeated a024scos
xe6va05g1 defeated uqbfobrcl
3j1l7r843 defeated 80o2rak1vr
u26192k42q defeated uqbfobrcl
t7a9tgiqhg defeated 3aj0je4qvz
vb9ooaed defeated 3j1l7r843
cx9j1ictxc defeated pkt9a90foh
uzrenun5 defeated kfs6vfptom
s3eoqm1h8o defeated c3fuquhz6a
mtzx272hpo defeated r75pr2es
2vldq4hez defeated mtzx272hpo
0blv0prk defeated 8afpk054nz
r3pe29gd defeated ecve6pr5
b5ul5nwqv defeated 72rl15f4w
8afpk054nz defeated 73d9ph3i37
73d9ph3i37 defeated hbrpoig8f1
vgpmm82i1 defeated 95jmsnd8du
830dm7x52d defeated 84wv98y3u
95jmsnd8du defeated 9jrsnvnq65
im0yltz9at defeated gyc4om3wto
39jym6ie defeated sof1gg2ktb
49kq71n8 defeated 3rtqohmuh8
9jrsnvnq65 defeated tzr6852fc
bcp4e30m defeated qc38hyf9sx
n3uvyr0qf defeated uqbfobrcl
c3fuquhz6a defeated sof1gg2ktb
hbrpoig8f1 defeated 72rl15f4w
0blv0prk defeated 9si5gas4
gyc4om3wto defeated 0blv0prk
8afpk054nz defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
3j1l7r843 defeated r9a7mfp05
n0yby4aw defeated 80o2rak1vr
pyo0cu4y defeated qiwepxsk28
uqbfobrcl defeated 95jmsnd8du
t3uea3ge8n defeated cx9j1ictxc
pdpff5e8i defeated bcp4e30m
fv8yu58cep defeated n0yby4aw
mecosfogyr defeated y088o5or1
edjjtfph9 defeated mtzx272hpo
im0yltz9at defeated o7y22t1td
eepzhpcf defeated uqbfobrcl
3rtqohmuh8 defeated o7y22t1td
0v6rast5j defeated hj5s6r044
zxoi65fdhj defeated 2vldq4hez
7uqnupqzi defeated d467kd6f
1wu16hym defeated r9a7mfp05
c1a78mx1e defeated 3jqip98q1
t7a9tgiqhg defeated rvu8fijo
b5ul5nwqv defeated bcp4e30m
3rtqohmuh8 defeated r9a7mfp05
n0yby4aw defeated pyo0cu4y
7uqnupqzi defeated vuht6t0uzs
73d9ph3i37 defeated o7y22t1td
72rl15f4w defeated n3uvyr0qf
xlta8irc defeated x497w19vw
b8dwoecbp defeated npgw90jpk
edjjtfph9 defeated j5ci6vg2g
72rl15f4w defeated vuht6t0uzs
0blv0prk defeated c3fuquhz6a
n3uvyr0qf defeated 80o2rak1vr
n3uvyr0qf defeated uzrenun5
9jrsnvnq65 defeated 72rl15f4w
vb9ooaed defeated 1w103dgd
gyc4om3wto defeated s3eoqm1h8o
6z8vbhqlqc defeated bf1i3ldqy
r9a7mfp05 defeated mecosfogyr
87au5bhx defeated y088o5or1
bfno6b9m defeated 1w103dgd
c3fuquhz6a defeated r9a7mfp05
df1rcaviq defeated hj5s6r044
72rl15f4w defeated sof1gg2ktb
ecve6pr5 defeated cx9j1ictxc
95jmsnd8du defeated x497w19vw
s3eoqm1h8o defeated 0v6rast5j
u26192k42q defeated d467kd6f
3aj0je4qvz defeated udswx1jp
kyayq3s1 defeated r75pr2es
vgpmm82i1 defeated 87au5bhx
k1eyy37q9a defeated r9is25hb
n3uvyr0qf defeated pyo0cu4y
vugkv05sz defeated vb9ooaed
bcp4e30m defeated 3rtqohmuh8
2vldq4hez defeated 95jmsnd8du
j5ci6vg2g defeated zxoi65fdhj
pk3yr9oudo defeated 3j1l7r843
bfno6b9m defeated rupfr2p3y
fv8yu58cep defeated jne00v830
n0yby4aw defeated sof1gg2ktb
pk3yr9oudo defeated 87au5bhx
lmn4r7sgms defeated 3rtqohmuh8
o7y22t1td defeated zxoi65fdhj
84wv98y3u defeated s3eoqm1h8o
1wu16hym defeated jrjedkts2h
b5ul5nwqv defeated 1wu16hym
9si5gas4 defeated 72rl15f4w
3rtqohmuh8 defeated zxoi65fdhj
zxoi65fdhj defeated udswx1jp
n3uvyr0qf defeated bmzvrerw
rvu8fijo defeated b8dwoecbp
1wu16hym defeated x497w19vw
gyc4om3wto defeated r9is25hb
npgw90jpk defeated 3j1l7r843
87au5bhx defeated 2vldq4hez
84wv98y3u defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
hj5s6r044 defeated uqbfobrcl
y5zpjag1ol defeated 0v6rast5j
2919ahej defeated bcp4e30m
2919ahej defeated bf1i3ldqy
r9a7mfp05 defeated 2vldq4hez
t3uea3ge8n defeated 2919ahej
pdpff5e8i defeated xe6va05g1
c3fuquhz6a defeated x497w19vw
r3pe29gd defeated r75pr2es
gyc4om3wto defeated 9si5gas4
n1u322n64 defeated vuht6t0uzs
r75pr2es defeated uqbfobrcl
jrjedkts2h defeated mtzx272hpo
sof1gg2ktb defeated 39jym6ie
sof1gg2ktb defeated jne00v830
vb9ooaed defeated r9a7mfp05
ecve6pr5 defeated r75pr2es
7uqnupqzi defeated n3uvyr0qf
xlta8irc defeated 39jym6ie
zxoi65fdhj defeated bf1i3ldqy
95jmsnd8du defeated 830dm7x52d
p452bfsozp defeated xlta8irc
rupfr2p3y defeated kfs6vfptom
fv8yu58cep defeated t3uea3ge8n
cx9j1ictxc defeated bcp4e30m
b8dwoecbp defeated kyayq3s1
edjjtfph9 defeated 7uqnupqzi
t3uea3ge8n defeated mtzx272hpo
k1eyy37q9a defeated p452bfsozp
ecve6pr5 defeated qxkhktgbty
3jqip98q1 defeated gyc4om3wto
cx9j1ictxc defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
2919ahej defeated 73d9ph3i37
bfno6b9m defeated 39jym6ie
rvu8fijo defeated lmn4r7sgms
vb9ooaed defeated 0v6rast5j
mepgthcw8 defeated r9is25hb
gnnqfkpl9e defeated mecosfogyr
vuht6t0uzs defeated b5ul5nwqv
84wv98y3u defeated nvgfygww
rupfr2p3y defeated eepzhpcf
830dm7x52d defeated zxoi65fdhj
p452bfsozp defeated mepgthcw8
qxkhktgbty defeated 830dm7x52d
bcp4e30m defeated 84wv98y3u
qc38hyf9sx defeated 0blv0prk
vuht6t0uzs defeated qiwepxsk28
h8rvhs1k3a defeated 8i4p40mg
830dm7x52d defeated mepgthcw8
3j1l7r843 defeated bfno6b9m
npgw90jpk defeated bf1i3ldqy
df1rcaviq defeated rupfr2p3y
j5ci6vg2g defeated gnnqfkpl9e
jne00v830 defeated vuht6t0uzs
830dm7x52d defeated 3jqip98q1
0v6rast5j defeated 39jym6ie
87au5bhx defeated gnnqfkpl9e
95jmsnd8du defeated mtzx272hpo
jne00v830 defeated d467kd6f
2vldq4hez defeated fv8yu58cep
zxoi65fdhj defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
gnnqfkpl9e defeated vugkv05sz
gnnqfkpl9e defeated tzr6852fc
qc38hyf9sx defeated hj5s6r044
vb9ooaed defeated h8rvhs1k3a
3rtqohmuh8 defeated n1u322n64
d467kd6f defeated xkxwnrek8
npgw90jpk defeated b5ul5nwqv
6z8vbhqlqc defeated 3jqip98q1
cx9j1ictxc defeated 1wu16hym
3j1l7r843 defeated o7y22t1td
npgw90jpk defeated qiwepxsk28
73d9ph3i37 defeated 2vldq4hez
87au5bhx defeated xlta8irc
x497w19vw defeated ecve6pr5
bjpi4hn3 defeated y088o5or1
k1eyy37q9a defeated 3aj0je4qvz
pyo0cu4y defeated 2919ahej
j5ci6vg2g defeated nvgfygww
0blv0prk defeated pkt9a90foh
o7y22t1td defeated 87au5bhx
fv8yu58cep defeated qc38hyf9sx
vugkv05sz defeated 3j1l7r843
rupfr2p3y defeated 7uqnupqzi
8afpk054nz defeated p452bfsozp
b5ul5nwqv defeated gyc4om3wto
vugkv05sz defeated xe6va05g1
s3eoqm1h8o defeated 1w103dgd
39jym6ie defeated mepgthcw8
gyc4om3wto defeated kyayq3s1
s3eoqm1h8o defeated qxkhktgbty
3jqip98q1 defeated bcp4e30m
pkt9a90foh defeated 87au5bhx
xlta8irc defeated kyayq3s1
9si5gas4 defeated mecosfogyr
c3fuquhz6a defeated 0v6rast5j
bf1i3ldqy defeated n0yby4aw
im0yltz9at defeated 73d9ph3i37
xlta8irc defeated cx9j1ictxc
jne00v830 defeated 95jmsnd8du
pk3yr9oudo defeated t7a9tgiqhg
lmn4r7sgms defeated k1eyy37q9a
cx9j1ictxc defeated 95jmsnd8du
j5ci6vg2g defeated c3fuquhz6a
xkxwnrek8 defeated q6l6gt6mjx
hj5s6r044 defeated lmn4r7sgms
zxoi65fdhj defeated a024scos
ecve6pr5 defeated n0yby4aw
qxkhktgbty defeated mepgthcw8
bf1i3ldqy defeated c1a78mx1e
95jmsnd8du defeated b5ul5nwqv
k1eyy37q9a defeated df1rcaviq
gnnqfkpl9e defeated edjjtfph9
bf1i3ldqy defeated 3jqip98q1
cx9j1ictxc defeated u26192k42q
9jrsnvnq65 defeated hj5s6r044
kfs6vfptom defeated vgpmm82i1
pyo0cu4y defeated y5zpjag1ol
lmn4r7sgms defeated t3uea3ge8n
0v6rast5j defeated 2vldq4hez
3j1l7r843 defeated 1wu16hym
lmn4r7sgms defeated df1rcaviq
xkxwnrek8 defeated pkt9a90foh
kfs6vfptom defeated bcp4e30m
gnnqfkpl9e defeated p452bfsozp
n0yby4aw defeated gnnqfkpl9e
qiwepxsk28 defeated y5zpjag1ol
1wu16hym defeated rvu8fijo
vgpmm82i1 defeated 84wv98y3u
3aj0je4qvz defeated y5zpjag1ol
7uqnupqzi defeated mtzx272hpo
830dm7x52d defeated t7a9tgiqhg
1wu16hym defeated fv8yu58cep
jne00v830 defeated bcp4e30m
n1u322n64 defeated kfs6vfptom
p452bfsozp defeated u26192k42q
byvzk3i8b defeated bmzvrerw
pyo0cu4y defeated b8dwoecbp
kfs6vfptom defeated b5ul5nwqv
d467kd6f defeated y5zpjag1ol
uqbfobrcl defeated 80o2rak1vr
b8dwoecbp defeated hbrpoig8f1
u26192k42q defeated 3j1l7r843
n3uvyr0qf defeated udswx1jp
d467kd6f defeated uzrenun5
qc38hyf9sx defeated xe6va05g1
ecve6pr5 defeated jne00v830
rvu8fijo defeated 3rtqohmuh8
hj5s6r044 defeated pdpff5e8i
vuht6t0uzs defeated vgpmm82i1
x497w19vw defeated 84wv98y3u
0blv0prk defeated r3pe29gd
uzrenun5 defeated cx9j1ictxc
2vldq4hez defeated lmn4r7sgms
b5ul5nwqv defeated 3aj0je4qvz
49kq71n8 defeated 830dm7x52d
zxoi65fdhj defeated 2919ahej
jne00v830 defeated pdpff5e8i
c1a78mx1e defeated s3eoqm1h8o
eepzhpcf defeated o7y22t1td
rvu8fijo defeated xe6va05g1
3j1l7r843 defeated vb9ooaed
pyo0cu4y defeated 9jrsnvnq65
mtzx272hpo defeated vugkv05sz
r9is25hb defeated 1w103dgd
pkt9a90foh defeated 84wv98y3u
byvzk3i8b defeated 3rtqohmuh8
j5ci6vg2g defeated 830dm7x52d
bcp4e30m defeated 95jmsnd8du
vb9ooaed defeated eepzhpcf
r75pr2es defeated hj5s6r044
xkxwnrek8 defeated hbrpoig8f1
3aj0je4qvz defeated byvzk3i8b
b5ul5nwqv defeated p452bfsozp
87au5bhx defeated 830dm7x52d
t3uea3ge8n defeated zxoi65fdhj
byvzk3i8b defeated df1rcaviq
6z8vbhqlqc defeated bjpi4hn3
49kq71n8 defeated rupfr2p3y
lmn4r7sgms defeated 8i4p40mg
b8dwoecbp defeated j5ci6vg2g
r9a7mfp05 defeated kfs6vfptom
vuht6t0uzs defeated bf1i3ldqy
c1a78mx1e defeated 49kq71n8
d467kd6f defeated xe6va05g1
qc38hyf9sx defeated 8afpk054nz
80o2rak1vr defeated kyayq3s1
bf1i3ldqy defeated 3aj0je4qvz
edjjtfph9 defeated b8dwoecbp
mepgthcw8 defeated uzrenun5
84wv98y3u defeated 49kq71n8
y5zpjag1ol defeated h8rvhs1k3a
mtzx272hpo defeated kfs6vfptom
k1eyy37q9a defeated t7a9tgiqhg
n0yby4aw defeated d467kd6f
o7y22t1td defeated xkxwnrek8
r9a7mfp05 defeated 0v6rast5j
gnnqfkpl9e defeated vb9ooaed
xlta8irc defeated ecve6pr5
95jmsnd8du defeated 7uqnupqzi
y088o5or1 defeated n3uvyr0qf
mepgthcw8 defeated lmn4r7sgms
r3pe29gd defeated y088o5or1
h8rvhs1k3a defeated 2919ahej
vuht6t0uzs defeated udswx1jp
eepzhpcf defeated uzrenun5
cx9j1ictxc defeated im0yltz9at
9jrsnvnq65 defeated 2919ahej
s3eoqm1h8o defeated udswx1jp
vuht6t0uzs defeated qc38hyf9sx
tzr6852fc defeated c1a78mx1e
vuht6t0uzs defeated im0yltz9at
n1u322n64 defeated t7a9tgiqhg
2919ahej defeated udswx1jp
q6l6gt6mjx defeated gyc4om3wto
df1rcaviq defeated jne00v830
r9is25hb defeated lmn4r7sgms
kyayq3s1 defeated x497w19vw
edjjtfph9 defeated vuht6t0uzs
73d9ph3i37 defeated h8rvhs1k3a
8i4p40mg defeated npgw90jpk
o7y22t1td defeated c1a78mx1e
8i4p40mg defeated n1u322n64
80o2rak1vr defeated 7uqnupqzi
udswx1jp defeated y5zpjag1ol
830dm7x52d defeated pyo0cu4y
mtzx272hpo defeated k1eyy37q9a
6z8vbhqlqc defeated 8afpk054nz
2vldq4hez defeated qc38hyf9sx
rupfr2p3y defeated hj5s6r044
x497w19vw defeated pyo0cu4y
uzrenun5 defeated pkt9a90foh
xe6va05g1 defeated pyo0cu4y
49kq71n8 defeated qiwepxsk28
pkt9a90foh defeated fv8yu58cep
h8rvhs1k3a defeated rvu8fijo
9jrsnvnq65 defeated rvu8fijo
k1eyy37q9a defeated qxkhktgbty
vb9ooaed defeated q6l6gt6mjx
zxoi65fdhj defeated c1a78mx1e
87au5bhx defeated hbrpoig8f1
8i4p40mg defeated 72rl15f4w
qxkhktgbty defeated zxoi65fdhj
mecosfogyr defeated cx9j1ictxc
fv8yu58cep defeated im0yltz9at
bfno6b9m defeated b8dwoecbp
72rl15f4w defeated t3uea3ge8n
mecosfogyr defeated rvu8fijo
q6l6gt6mjx defeated hbrpoig8f1
r3pe29gd defeated 9jrsnvnq65
pdpff5e8i defeated uzrenun5
2919ahej defeated npgw90jpk
7uqnupqzi defeated vugkv05sz
pk3yr9oudo defeated eepzhpcf
49kq71n8 defeated vgpmm82i1
7uqnupqzi defeated zxoi65fdhj
73d9ph3i37 defeated bjpi4hn3
jrjedkts2h defeated xkxwnrek8
npgw90jpk defeated r9is25hb
bf1i3ldqy defeated c3fuquhz6a
3jqip98q1 defeated y088o5or1
r3pe29gd defeated s3eoqm1h8o
vb9ooaed defeated t7a9tgiqhg
8afpk054nz defeated n0yby4aw
xe6va05g1 defeated hj5s6r044
mecosfogyr defeated n1u322n64
t3uea3ge8n defeated y5zpjag1ol
lmn4r7sgms defeated 9jrsnvnq65
bf1i3ldqy defeated t7a9tgiqhg
bmzvrerw defeated y088o5or1
r9a7mfp05 defeated cx9j1ictxc
0v6rast5j defeated o7y22t1td
80o2rak1vr defeated ecve6pr5
q6l6gt6mjx defeated r9is25hb
bcp4e30m defeated rvu8fijo
8i4p40mg defeated j5ci6vg2g
jne00v830 defeated xe6va05g1
n0yby4aw defeated udswx1jp
tzr6852fc defeated vgpmm82i1
byvzk3i8b defeated edjjtfph9
npgw90jpk defeated 9jrsnvnq65
2vldq4hez defeated h8rvhs1k3a
qxkhktgbty defeated lmn4r7sgms
h8rvhs1k3a defeated 8afpk054nz
3j1l7r843 defeated 87au5bhx
qiwepxsk28 defeated c1a78mx1e
bfno6b9m defeated 9si5gas4
830dm7x52d defeated jrjedkts2h
b5ul5nwqv defeated mtzx272hpo
87au5bhx defeated r9a7mfp05
pyo0cu4y defeated pdpff5e8i
r75pr2es defeated r9is25hb
nvgfygww defeated xkxwnrek8
r3pe29gd defeated gnnqfkpl9e
h8rvhs1k3a defeated uzrenun5
vugkv05sz defeated gnnqfkpl9e
8i4p40mg defeated r9a7mfp05
pyo0cu4y defeated bmzvrerw
8i4p40mg defeated im0yltz9at
9si5gas4 defeated vgpmm82i1
kyayq3s1 defeated t3uea3ge8n
o7y22t1td defeated 8afpk054nz
kfs6vfptom defeated rupfr2p3y
byvzk3i8b defeated qc38hyf9sx
mtzx272hpo defeated n3uvyr0qf
r9is25hb defeated edjjtfph9
kyayq3s1 defeated r3pe29gd
h8rvhs1k3a defeated lmn4r7sgms
byvzk3i8b defeated udswx1jp
vb9ooaed defeated 95jmsnd8du
80o2rak1vr defeated bjpi4hn3
bmzvrerw defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
p452bfsozp defeated qiwepxsk28
fv8yu58cep defeated y088o5or1
84wv98y3u defeated im0yltz9at
edjjtfph9 defeated 9jrsnvnq65
3aj0je4qvz defeated vb9ooaed
9jrsnvnq65 defeated 73d9ph3i37
mepgthcw8 defeated vb9ooaed
73d9ph3i37 defeated 1w103dgd
pyo0cu4y defeated xkxwnrek8
uqbfobrcl defeated vugkv05sz
b8dwoecbp defeated cx9j1ictxc
72rl15f4w defeated t7a9tgiqhg
udswx1jp defeated c1a78mx1e
3j1l7r843 defeated uqbfobrcl
bcp4e30m defeated 73d9ph3i37
x497w19vw defeated uqbfobrcl
rvu8fijo defeated bfno6b9m
pdpff5e8i defeated 84wv98y3u
y5zpjag1ol defeated 80o2rak1vr
2919ahej defeated 8afpk054nz
c1a78mx1e defeated 2919ahej
b8dwoecbp defeated 72rl15f4w
3j1l7r843 defeated bjpi4hn3
39jym6ie defeated bfno6b9m
jrjedkts2h defeated p452bfsozp
mtzx272hpo defeated pyo0cu4y
udswx1jp defeated kfs6vfptom
lmn4r7sgms defeated vb9ooaed
r9is25hb defeated 7uqnupqzi
qc38hyf9sx defeated ecve6pr5
vuht6t0uzs defeated 7uqnupqzi
80o2rak1vr defeated t7a9tgiqhg
73d9ph3i37 defeated kyayq3s1
95jmsnd8du defeated mepgthcw8
vuht6t0uzs defeated gyc4om3wto
d467kd6f defeated bfno6b9m
49kq71n8 defeated vugkv05sz
eepzhpcf defeated gnnqfkpl9e
39jym6ie defeated xe6va05g1
u26192k42q defeated q6l6gt6mjx
b5ul5nwqv defeated bfno6b9m
q6l6gt6mjx defeated vgpmm82i1
3jqip98q1 defeated edjjtfph9
p452bfsozp defeated n0yby4aw
kyayq3s1 defeated bfno6b9m
x497w19vw defeated n1u322n64
x497w19vw defeated hj5s6r044
uzrenun5 defeated a024scos
9jrsnvnq65 defeated r3pe29gd
bf1i3ldqy defeated npgw90jpk
p452bfsozp defeated r9a7mfp05
gnnqfkpl9e defeated uqbfobrcl
pyo0cu4y defeated 39jym6ie
c3fuquhz6a defeated qiwepxsk28
mepgthcw8 defeated nvgfygww
b5ul5nwqv defeated 87au5bhx
xkxwnrek8 defeated 3j1l7r843
73d9ph3i37 defeated 3j1l7r843
xkxwnrek8 defeated qc38hyf9sx
t7a9tgiqhg defeated 7uqnupqzi
vugkv05sz defeated c1a78mx1e
j5ci6vg2g defeated sof1gg2ktb
t3uea3ge8n defeated 9si5gas4
hj5s6r044 defeated ecve6pr5
73d9ph3i37 defeated xkxwnrek8
zxoi65fdhj defeated mtzx272hpo
bfno6b9m defeated t7a9tgiqhg
lmn4r7sgms defeated r3pe29gd
rupfr2p3y defeated y088o5or1
tzr6852fc defeated zxoi65fdhj
95jmsnd8du defeated byvzk3i8b
tzr6852fc defeated 830dm7x52d
n3uvyr0qf defeated qc38hyf9sx
a024scos defeated edjjtfph9
tzr6852fc defeated 6z8vbhqlqc
p452bfsozp defeated y088o5or1
eepzhpcf defeated 7uqnupqzi
eepzhpcf defeated p452bfsozp
hj5s6r044 defeated 1w103dgd
k1eyy37q9a defeated 95jmsnd8du
jne00v830 defeated s3eoqm1h8o
uzrenun5 defeated pyo0cu4y
vugkv05sz defeated d467kd6f
xe6va05g1 defeated 0v6rast5j
fv8yu58cep defeated pkt9a90foh
pdpff5e8i defeated 0blv0prk
830dm7x52d defeated ecve6pr5
pk3yr9oudo defeated 3jqip98q1
2919ahej defeated mecosfogyr
39jym6ie defeated vgpmm82i1
a024scos defeated qxkhktgbty
cx9j1ictxc defeated eepzhpcf
3j1l7r843 defeated h8rvhs1k3a
9si5gas4 defeated n0yby4aw
c1a78mx1e defeated tzr6852fc
r3pe29gd defeated tzr6852fc
72rl15f4w defeated vugkv05sz
bmzvrerw defeated 3j1l7r843
r9is25hb defeated 3jqip98q1
84wv98y3u defeated qiwepxsk28
hbrpoig8f1 defeated c3fuquhz6a
3jqip98q1 defeated 49kq71n8
n3uvyr0qf defeated 0v6rast5j
